docs: Add some more info to the Scaling Doc (#11731)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/scaling.md

## Vertically Scaling

You can scale the controller vertically in these ways:

### Container Resource Requests

> If you observe the Controller using its total request CPU or memory, you should increase those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you observe the Controller using its total CPU or memory requests, you should increase those.
```

"resource requests" is the [usual](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) order, so move "requests" to after CPU/mem

### Adding Goroutines to Increase Concurrency

> If you have sufficient CPU you can take advantage of it with more goroutines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have sufficient CPU cores, you can take advantage of them with more goroutines:
```
- fix comma splice
- perhaps be a bit more specific by specifying "cores" as in "one thread per core". could be convinced otherwise on that though since k8s language more or less refers to "CPU" as number of cores

- If you have many Workflows and you notice they're not being reconciled fast enough, increase `--workflow-workers`.
- If you're using `TTLStrategy` in your Workflows and you notice they're not being deleted fast enough, increase `--workflow-ttl-workers`.
- If you're using `PodGC` in your Workflows and you notice the Pods aren't being deleted fast enough, increase `--pod-cleanup-workers`.

> >= v3.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> v3.5 and after
```

Blockquote is the stylistic convention used in most of the docs ([random example](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/8e01696a9c63f25b3660ed479c6f7a57bb61d82d/docs/rest-api.md?plain=1#L5))

- If you're using a lot of `CronWorkflows` and they don't seem to be firing on time, increase `--cron-workflow-workers`.

### K8S API Client Side Rate Limiting

> The K8S client library rate limits the messages that can go out. The default values are fairly low. If you frequently see a message similar to this in the Controller log (issued by the library):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The K8S client library rate limits the messages that can go out. The default values are fairly low.

If you frequently see messages similar to this in the Controller log (issued by the library):
```

- split the exposition with the action
- "frequently see messages"

> `Waited for 7.090296384s due to client-side throttling, not priority and fairness, request: GET:https://10.100.0.1:443/apis/argoproj.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/argo/workflowtemplates/s2t`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\```
Waited for 7.090296384s due to client-side throttling, not priority and fairness, request: GET:https://10.100.0.1:443/apis/argoproj.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/argo/workflowtemplates/s2t
\```
```

code block instead of plain backticks.

GH can't properly escape code blocks in code blocks, so the suggestion is a bit wonky 😕

> or for >= v3.5: a warning like this (could be any CR, not just `WorkflowTemplate`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, in >= v3.5, a message similar to this (could be any CR, not just `WorkflowTemplate`):
```

- comma splices
- use same style & wording as the above for parallelism (as in grammatical parallelism, not the CPU kind 😅)

Author: I'd like to keep the word "warning" in there. I think the fact that it's a message at "warning" level will indicate to people that they can filter the logs to just show warning and error, and they will see this.

Reviewer: Is the pre-3.5 version also a warning? Can change them to both be "warning" then to be consistent

Author: No, it wasn't a warning, as it wasn't our code printing the log line - it was the library printing. The motivation for adding the warning log line was so it would be more visible.

Reviewer: Ohhhh, I didn't know that was an internal print -- thought it was just due to a dep upgrade that the message was changed. Thanks for the clarification!
So does that mean that _both_ are printed in 3.5 then?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, in >= v3.5, if you see warnings similar to this (could be any CR, not just `WorkflowTemplate`):
```

I think that would be most consistent while still having the warning piece then 🤔

> `Waited for 7.090296384s, request:GET:https://10.100.0.1:443/apis/argoproj.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/argo/workflowtemplates/s2t`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\```
Waited for 7.090296384s, request:GET:https://10.100.0.1:443/apis/argoproj.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/argo/workflowtemplates/s2t
\```
```

same as above, code block instead of plain backticks

> then assuming your K8S API Server can handle it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, if your K8S API Server can handle more requests:
```

> - Increase both `--qps` and `--burst`. The `qps` value indicates the average number of queries per second allowed by the K8S Client. The `--burst` value is the number of queries/sec the Client receives before it starts enforcing `qps`, so typically `--burst` > `qps`.

Reviewer 2: Burst may not work as expected. See https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues/8576

Author: So, that's actually a different "Burst". That's for the [RateLimiter](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/master/config/config.go#L66) configured in the workflow-controller-configmap controlling the Pod creation rate.

This setting just gets passed directly into the Kubernetes Client to control the rate of outgoing K8S API requests.

> - Increase both `--qps` and `--burst`. The `qps` value indicates the average number of queries per second allowed by the K8S Client. The `--burst` value is the number of queries/sec the Client receives before it starts enforcing `qps`, so typically `--burst` > `qps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase both `--qps` and `--burst`. The `qps` value indicates the average number of queries per second allowed by the K8S Client. The `burst` value is the number of queries/sec the Client receives before it starts enforcing `qps`, so typically `burst` > `qps`.
```

- Consistently use `--` or not when describing the values.

Reviewer: Is there a good piece of external documentation you might recommend here? Could add a sentence at the end as "See [x]() for more details".

the k8s docs themselves [don't seem to](https://kubernetes.io/search/?q=qps) document this very explicitly. the [godoc for the k8s client](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/client-go/rest#Config) doesn't either 😕

Author: unfortunately, I don't really have a good link either

## Vertically Scaling

You can scale the controller vertically in these ways:

### Container Resource Requests

If you observe the Controller using its total CPU or memory requests, you should increase those.

### Adding Goroutines to Increase Concurrency

If you have sufficient CPU cores, you can take advantage of them with more goroutines:

- If you have many Workflows and you notice they're not being reconciled fast enough, increase `--workflow-workers`.
- If you're using `TTLStrategy` in your Workflows and you notice they're not being deleted fast enough, increase `--workflow-ttl-workers`.
- If you're using `PodGC` in your Workflows and you notice the Pods aren't being deleted fast enough, increase `--pod-cleanup-workers`.

> v3.5 and after

- If you're using a lot of `CronWorkflows` and they don't seem to be firing on time, increase `--cron-workflow-workers`.

### K8S API Client Side Rate Limiting

The K8S client library rate limits the messages that can go out. The default values are fairly low.

If you frequently see messages similar to this in the Controller log (issued by the library):

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```txt
```

ah I forgot `markdownlint` requires code blocks specify a language, my bad

Waited for 7.090296384s due to client-side throttling, not priority and fairness, request: GET:https://10.100.0.1:443/apis/argoproj.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/argo/workflowtemplates/s2t
```

or for >= v3.5: a warning like this (could be any CR, not just `WorkflowTemplate`):

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```txt
```

same as above for `markdownlint`
